[Laughter]
[Music]
after drunken partying the previous
evening University student Teresa Gelman
nicknamed tree wakes up on her birthday
in the dorm room of her classmate Carter
she ignores a phone call from her father
David and dismisses Carter while leaving
his room and throws away a birthday
cupcake given to her by her sorority
housemate Lori tree also meets with her
married professor Gregory Butler with
whom she is having an affair that night
on her way to a party tree is lured into
a tunnel and murdered by a figure
wearing a mask of the campus mascot tree
immediately wakes up in the same way she
had previously in Carter's bed and is
unnerved to find the previous day's
events repeating themselves baffled she
nonetheless relives the day and uses the
second chance to avoid the tunnel and
reach the party
however the masked killer follows her to
the party and murders her again tree
again wakes up in Carter's bed realizes
that she is in a time loop and
barricades herself in her room to avoid
death the killer however is already
hiding there and slays her a third time
upon waking up tree tells her story to
Carter he suggests taking advantage of
the loop to identify her killer she
spends the next several iterations
trailing people she considers suspects
and getting killed each time after
waking from a loop where she is
bludgeoned trie faints and awakens in
the campus hospital her body shows
evidence of recovery from multiple
traumatic injuries indicating that she
has retained physical damage from her
previous deaths
shortly after escaping from the hospital
Trias pursuit and killed again waking up
in Carter's bed again tree convinces
Carter for predicament by demonstrating
her knowledge of the day's events tree
admits to having a tremendous case of
self loathing particularly for pushing
away her father after the death of her
mother years ago
later tree sees a local news report on
John tooms a serial killer being held at
the campus hospital concluding that
tooms is her killer tree rushes to the
hospital to warn of his escape tooms
breaks free and nearly kills tree but
Carter follows and rescues her tooms
kills Carter before chasing tree to a
nearby bell tower where she subdues him
with a crowbar realizing that Carter
will remain dead if she ends the loop
tree hangs herself believing she has
solved her murder tree is happier and
more relaxed during the next loop tree
ends her affair with dr. Butler she
meets her father for
and the two begin to reconcile at night
she goes to the hospital where she traps
and kills tombs relieved to finally be
freed she celebrates her birthday in
Carter's room and eats the cupcake given
to her by Laurie tree wakes up still in
the loop confused and angered by her
predicament she returns to her room
where Laurie offers her the cupcake
again tree realizes the previous Luke
was the only time she had ever eaten the
cupcake and had died in her sleep tree
realizes that Laurie is the true killer
Laurie had poisoned the cupcake but when
tree failed to eat it Laurie utilized
her job as a nurse at the hospital to
frame tombs for trees murder tree
announces she will take the cupcake to
the police Laurie then attacks tree and
admits to also having an affair with dr.
Butler whose preference for tree has led
to Laurie's murderous plan in the
ensuing fight tree stuffs the poisoned
cupcake in Laurie's mouth then kicks her
through a window to her death in a
restaurant tree and Carter Muse over the
day's events and he offers her his room
for the night the next day as a result
of a prank played by Carter tree wakes
up believing she is still in the time
loop but Carter quickly reveals it as
the next day at last tree is too
relieved to be angry at him and the two
kiss
[Music]